And that will hold really nicely for
a while,
until we get down to sort of 800 pixels.
And in here, well,
we're outside of our media query and so
all the styling gets turned off.
But also it starts to look
a little bit crowded, doesn't it?
So this is the point when we can rewrite
our CSS to make this look a little bit
different for a tablet dimension.
And so, that would start,
in our case it starts around 800 pixels.
So let's go ahead and
write that part of it up.
Here's our media query,
550 pixels, the min width,
and I'm just gonna scroll on down here.
And we'll add in our navigation here.
So, I'm gonna say now view well.
I'm gonna change this to
justify content center.
And and
I'm gonna make use of my gap property,
1.2 Here I'm using instead
of rams because I wanted to
take advantage of the text size, so
the gap will scale with the text size.
That is true when you use.
If you use rem,
that's our route relative and
your gap will never scale because it's
relative to the HTML tag, it'll be 16
pixels is one REM all the time regardless
of where you are in the document.
But one That size can vary depending
on what HTML element you're looking at.
One em an h1 is much larger
than one em a paragraph
Okay, then we'll have nav li, and
here we're gonna have
a flex basis of auto and
a margin bottom, Of zero.
So basically I wanna have my
li's be as wide as they are.
Rather than having being pushed off to the
sides, the way I just did on the desktop.
And then here for my nav a,
Color var, color 1.
I know I did that outside for
the mobile, but
we're gonna change the color on
the mobile here in just a minute.
So I'm gonna read Eclair, that black color
down here inside of my tablet media query,
which will then carry on
to the desktop media query.
The color or the background
color will be transparent, why?
Because when we finally finished
writing our mobile styles,
we're gonna have buttons that are gonna
be red, backgrounds with white text.
And so here inside of this media query,
we need to turn that off.
So we've set our background color to
transparent, and our text color to black.
Yeah Mark
>> Is it possible to set orders like this
to guarantee an item would always be in
the middle for in the case of like dynamic
CMS where things can be added and
removed from a header navigation menu?
>> Sure, so the trick here with getting
things to look really pretty in the center
with this type of technique is having
an even number of navigation items, so
that the logo can wind
up being in the center.
And then you have however many additional
navigation items on either side,
if you have three on one side and
two on the other,
it's always gonna look less balanced
with this particular technique.
But by using margin zero auto,
maybe some of that will get
mitigated a lot little bit at least.
But I would think that that
would work okay with a CMS,
I mean the only issue is as always, what
happens when your users put in a dozen or
two dozen navigation items and
how is that gonna get handled.
Is it gonna wrap on to another
line of navigation and so forth.
So there are there are edges
definitely to that for a CMS.
Okay so we've got hover state,
nav a hover.
Color is gonna be var color 2,
so nice to green and
our background color
once again transparent
because it won't be on the mobile.
I found the error, okay,
so I skipped over a very important
setting that I had in the mobile,
that needed to be there to carry into
the tablet and I did not put it in.
So let's put that in now.
I am in the mobile portion of my styling.
I am looking at roughly line 80 or so.
And the important piece of
my styling is this that I
need to add it is nav li:first-child.
And what I said here was
the flex basis is 100%.
Hopefully one of you guessed that.
The problem we were having,
remember was that the logo was on the same
line with the other navigation items.
And what we wanted,
the logo to be on its own line.
So by setting the flex basis to 100%,
that indeed puts the logo on its own line.
And then we can also throw
in text align center,
which will center that logo very
nicely in the middle of the page.
So once we have that in place,
then when we go back to our Firefox here,
and refresh now we have
our logo in the center and
we have our navigation there after it.
So that was the piece that I'm
missing apologize for that.